# Digital Scholarship Faculty

**Graham McAleer** was born and raised in England, attended universities in England, Canada, the USA, and Belgium.  His doctorate is from Louvain, Belgium, where he wrote on the reception of the Arabic medieval philosopher, Averroes, into the Latin West.  Teaching responsibilities at Loyola University Maryland, which he joined twenty years ago, has led to a research focus on moral and political philosophy, and especially the philosophy of commerce.  A full professor in the Department of Philosophy at Loyola, McAleer does almost all his teaching at Loyola’s Sellinger School of Business, where he teaches business ethics at all levels: Executive MBA, MBA, Master’s in Accounting, and undergraduate. McAleer is a contributor to the Law and Liberty Blog http://www.libertylawsite.org/ and will spend some of 2018 as a resident fellow at the anarcho-capitalist think tank, Liberty Fund. He is the author of five monographs, mostly on the natural law tradition.  His research interests are combined in a recent work on the ethics of the fashion industry.  Unusually, this monograph is published as an open-source, interactive website found at http://www.ethicsoffashion.com/. 2014 Loyola recognized his teaching excellence naming him the Harry Rodgers III Distinguished Teacher of the Year, the highest faculty award at Loyola. McAleer is a Digital Fellow at Loyola: having developed hybrid and fully online courses in ethics, he is a resource on campus for faculty who are thinking about online course development.

**Leslie Zarker Morgan** is interested in computational philology: how text analysis and access is aided by computers (from text to image). This ranges from the availability of manuscripts on line to how to use TEI (Text Encoding Initiative) to represent pre-modern texts to modern audiences. Involved in the early days with ACH, she also worked with CAI (computer assisted instruction) for modern language learning. Her current projects relate to collaborative editing of mixed-language texts, in particular, Franco-Italian epics, which have been under-appreciated for centuries due to the difficulty of the language in which they are written. By working in a group where each member has different but overlapping skills (codicology; Old and Middle French; Old Italian; Latin), these difficulties can be largely overcome.

**Jeffrey C. Witt** Jeffrey Witt is an assistant professor of philosophy at Loyola University Maryland. He is the founder, designer, and developer of the [Scholastic Commentaries and Texts Archive](http://scta.info) and the [LombardPress Publication Project](http://lombardpress.org). He is working on several editions of previously unedited Latin texts, aiming to make them freely available and searchable on the web. He sits on the advisory board of the Digital Latin Library and is co-chair the [IIIF](http://iiif.io) Manuscript Community Group. In 2016, he was awarded a Visiting Research Fellowship at the Schoenberg Institute for Manuscript Studies at the University of Pennsylvania to develop TEI transcriptions of the Sentences commentary of William de Rothwell and to incorporate those transcriptions into the Scholastics Commentaries and Texts Archive. Jeffrey Witt completed his graduate work in the philosophy department at Boston College in the spring of 2012. His dissertation focused on issues of faith, reason, and theological knowledge in the late medieval Sentences commentaries. He is the co-editor of The Theology of John Mair (Brill 2015) and the co-author of a monograph on the 14th century philosopher and theologian Robert Holcot (Oxford University Press, 2016).

**Yu Zhang** is an assistant professor of Chinese at the Department of Modern Languages and Literatures. Her research interests include history and literature in late imperial and early modern China, as well as gender studies. Her first book, Inter-family Tanci Writing in Nineteenth-Century China: Bonds and Boundaries, is coming from Lexington Books. Her current research project concerns how Christianity helped women in 19th- and 20th-century China shape new identities. She has been collecting a number of digital archives and resources in East Asian studies, Particularly in the fields of literature, missionary works, Maoist China, and Shanghai studies. Her collection also includes online pedagogical resources on teaching Chinese language and East Asian studies. She believes that tools and methods in digital humanities will greatly enhance collaboration and disciplinary-crossing in scholarly and teaching activities.
